---
published: true
title: How Students Can Move Past Criticism and Write a Custom Dissertation
layout: post
tags: [Write, a, Custom, Dissertation]
categories: [Dissertations]
---
Moving past criticism and coming up with a top quality and custom dissertation paper is a very tough task for students as they find themselves unable to work once someone has criticized their work very plainly. Writing a dissertation is not an easy task and in most of the cases, the students find it really hard to write a long and detailed research paper without any proper help by hiring [dissertation writing services](https://www.theacademicpapers.co.uk/dissertation-writing-services-uk.php) and getting assistance and if their hard work and efforts are criticized as being not enough or bad, it really gives them a set back and they feel themselves unable to focus and move forward.

It is very necessary for students to understand what criticism actually it, how they should take it and how they should make it work for them instead of feeling dejected and depressed on what has been said about their hard work. The students must realize that once they present their paper to the dissertation committee, they will have to defend their paper, this process is also known as the Defense of Dissertation or Defense of Proposal. In this process, the students have to defend their proposal by answering questions that are put forward by teachers or the dissertation committee who want to see how well the students have worked on their papers and if they are fully prepared to explain their actions. It becomes very necessary for the students to get past all the criticism that is put forward by their teachers as well as others who go through it and continue writing a top quality and custom paper.

The students must be prepared to receive all types of criticism when they are working on their paper or [writing a dissertation](http://www.photoblog.com/AlbertBarkley/2016/01/12/writing-a-dissertation-based-on-technical-research-most-effectively.html) as it a part of the writing process and it will continue through their academic career. The students must know what they have done and what reactions they should expect from their readers. It is because students and teachers have different perspectives and they see things differently. While students might like someone, the teachers might not appreciate and what teachers like might not be fully understood by the students and it leads to a problem when the teachers criticize their papers, they lose hope.

After they have received criticism, the students need to first understand why teachers have criticized their work before being dishearten and taking stress. They should see things from teachers’ perspective and get to know what they are saying so that they are able to take that criticism in a healthy manner and  work on coming up with a good paper instead of stopping work.

Another thing that students can do to move past criticism on their papers using [authentic references](https://albertbarkley.github.io/dissertations/2015/12/25/what-are-authentic-references-for-writing-dissertations.html) is to sit with teachers and ask them what factors they found lacking in the paper. This way the students can feel better about what they should do and how they should move in the right direction without making further mistakes as once criticized, it takes students a lot of time to get moving again.