---
published: true
title: Why Social Distance is Necessary to Stop Coronavirus?
layout: post
tags: [Social Distance, Stop Coronavirus]
categories: [Health]
---
Covid-19 pandemic has become a real challenge for the world and it is affecting the people across the world. To save the people from Covid-19 pandemic, the governments around the world are responding. According to experts, social distancing is the major solution to this problem. Social distancing is the name of the practices in the change in the behaviour of the people. To save yourself from the impacts of Covid-19, social distancing means to curtail social contact from the other people at work and other places. Till now, the vaccine of this virus is not available. Therefore, the only way to reduce the outbreak of this virus is to follow the rules of social distancing as discussed here by a [dissertation editing service](https://www.theacademicpapers.co.uk/dissertation-editing-service.php).

Now, it is our responsibility to practice social distancing to save ourselves from the impacts of this pandemic virus. As an individual, you can easily lower your risk of this infection by reducing the rate of social contact with other people. It is possible only if you are avoiding public spaces and social gatherings. Its reason is that at the public places and social gatherings, lots of people are gathered. If a few of them have coronavirus, it will spread among the other people just by social contacting. To spend a prosperous life, we have to work. To save ourselves from the attack of this infectious virus, we should try to perform our duties from our homes. You should also organize meetings via video links and you should also limit the use of public transport.

Stuart Neil is a professor at King’s College London. According to him, we should show sensible and rational approaches to save ourselves from the attack of this infectious virus. According to the health recommendations of the WHO (World Health Organization), you should try to maintain a distance of at least 1m between you and the other people who are coughing or sneezing. WHO also recommends that we should also avoid physical contacts like handshaking, kisses and hugs. Its reason is that this infectious virus doesn’t spread in the air because it is spreading from person-to-person contact. If you are following rules of social distances, it means that you are not contacting other people. As a result, you can easily save yourself from the attack of coronavirus.

Most of the people are questioning that ‘Does social distancing work to save ourselves from this pandemic virus?’. The answer to this question is ‘Yes’. We can also take evidence of the importance of social distancing from the previous outbreaks like 1918 flu pandemic and 2014 Ebola. We were able to reduce the spread of these pandemic diseases just by keeping the social distances. The problem with this virus is that we are still not able to know about the basis of this virus. Anyhow, we are relating this virus with the previous outbreaks and by keeping social distances, we can easily save ourselves from the outbreak of this pandemic virus. Its reason is that the main signs of this disease are coughing and sneezing. During coughing and sneezing, people emit droplets from their mouths and noses. If someone comes in contact with these droplets, the virus will affect him.

That’s why countries are implementing social distancing. The most important example of social distancing is in China. China has locked down his province where this pandemic disease was started. The Chinese government has made isolation centres for the coronavirus patients and they have also made an isolated hospital for these patients. They are using phone tracking systems to note the movements of the people in this area and they have also prevented the people from the use of public transport. By implementing the social distancing techniques, the Chinese can defeat this infectious disease. That’s why the cases of Coronavirus are decreasing in China.

Nowadays, this pandemic virus has spread in more than 160 countries. Therefore, if the world wants to defeat this virus, governments should try to implement the techniques of the Chinese government. We are seeing that lots of countries are following social distancing techniques to save their residents from the attack of this pandemic virus. For this reason, Italy has locked down their cities. It means that it has closed all the restaurants, marriage halls, bars and other public places. We can also see the same kind of lockdown in Europe. According to the latest news, Europe has become the new hub of Coronavirus after China. Scientists are working in creating the vaccine of the coronavirus. Coronavirus is not only becoming a cause of the deaths but it is also lasting major impacts on the economy of the world. 
